---
layout: post
title: "Git Error - ERROR: Permission to XXX.git denied to ZZZ."
description: "ERROR: Permission to XXX.git denied to ZZZ."
categories: [Git]
tags: [Git, Tools]
redirect_from:
  - /2018/09/15/
---

# Git Error - ERROR: Permission to XXX.git denied to ZZZ.

I want to use one key for two accounts of myself to access Github, but Github could not be able to tell which of my account I want to use.  This means that I could not have many accounts using the same public key, because GitHub could not identify which one of me is using, then there is no security.  

The error message is:
{% highlight ruby %}
Permission to XXX.git denied to ZZZ.
fatal: unable to access "https://github.com/XXX.git": The requested URL returned error:403
{% endhighlight %}

The way to solve this is to get multiple public key, and then you could use as many as accounts as you like!

**There are the steps:**

**1. Get a new SSH Key**

    ssh-keygen -t rsa -C “any_name_you_want”


The *id_rsa* is the old key on your computer, so you could make a new file("ur_new_ssh_key_name") to save your new key and make passphrase for it (it is ok to have no passphrase).

**2. Put your new key on the GitHub**

Just using the *“New SSH key”* button and add your key to make a new SSH Key.

**3. Generate ~/.ssh/config**

if there is no config file, using
```
touch config
``` 
to make a new config file.
Using vim or any editor you like to write the config file as:
{% highlight ruby %}
Host  Ur_new_github_host_name
HostName github.com
User git
IndentityFile ~/.ssh/ur_new_ssh_key_name
{% endhighlight %}
save your config file, if you want to check it, using
```
cat config
```
to view your config file.

**4, Change the git@github.com to Ur_new_github_host_name**
```
    git remote set-url origin Ur_new_github_host_name:XXX.git
```
Then you can using different accounts to access Github!
Check it with :
``` 
    ssh -T Ur_new_github_host_name  
    ssh -T github@github.com
```
**If it still could not work... Try to put your SSH Key into the sshAgent!**
```
    eval "$(ssh-agent -s)”
    //add your new key
    ssh-add ur_new_ssh_key_name
    //add your original key
    ssh-add id_rsa
```
Then everything would be all right! 








